Collected Minor Changes - Logs and Descriptions June 2020 (#5122)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/deep missions.txt

		event "assisted the deep" 7
		payment 1000000
		log `Helped to destroy the last of the Navy Cruisers stolen by Beelzebub, but he has escaped. The Navy is still searching, but is no longer asking for help from merchants.`

> 		log "People" "Beelzebub" `Beelzebub, as many call them, is one of the most notorious pirates in Human space. They're responsible for committing countless acts of crimes against both Humanity and the Republic government and are still at large somewhere in the galaxy despite a major setback.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log "People" "Beelzebub" `Beelzebub, as many call them, is one of the most notorious pirates in human space. They're responsible for committing countless acts of crimes against both humanity and the Republic government and are still at large somewhere in the galaxy despite a major setback.`
```

		event "assisted the deep" 7
		payment 1000000
		log `Helped to destroy the last of the Navy Cruisers stolen by Beelzebub, but he has escaped. The Navy is still searching, but is no longer asking for help from merchants.`

> 		log "People" "Beelzebub" `Beelzebub, as many call them, is one of the most notorious pirates in human space. They're responsible for committing countless acts of crimes against both humanity and the Republic government and are still at large somewhere in the galaxy despite a major setback.`

Reviewer 2: apparently, `human` as adjective is not capitalized: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/47324/why-we-capitalize-all-race-names-but-our-own

Author: That is an excellent explanation

		set "license: City-Ship"
		event "battle in arneb end"
		log `Destroyed the pirate Bactrian that was attempting to prevent the rescue of the Star Queen and was given a city-ship license by Paris.`

> 		log "People" "Beelzebub" `A pirate Bactrian you were responsible for destroying may have been captained by the mysterious Beelzebub whom you have thwarted once before. The Bactrian was destroyed, but you received a message afterwards suggesting they may still not be gone for good, if it was even truly them...`

Reviewer: Normal log entries avoid the use of first and second person pronouns; I'm unsure if the same is the case for special log entries, but we should look into that.

Author: > Since you are adding logs to the hai mission file - IMO Nanachi should have an entry, too.

Feel free to write an entry and I can put it in. Most of the logs came out of a request, I didn't fabricate them.

Reviewer: People/faction logs all appear to speak about the person/faction in question without referencing the player, so if we want to talk about something the player did, then that should be a normal log (and not use "you" or "I").

Author: I really want to express that it's unclear if this was actually Beelzebub though while still attaching it to the People log for Beelzebub. Do you have any suggestions how I might go about that?

> 		log "People" "Beelzebub" `A pirate Bactrian you were responsible for destroying may have been captained by the mysterious Beelzebub whom you have thwarted once before. The Bactrian was destroyed, but you received a message afterwards suggesting they may still not be gone for good, if it was even truly them...`

Reviewer: These logs should also be present after 3B (as 3A and 3B are mutually exclusive).

> 		log `Destroyed the pirate Bactrian that was attempting to prevent the rescue of the Star Queen and was given a city-ship license by Paris.`
> 		log "People" "Beelzebub" `A pirate Bactrian you were responsible for destroying may have been captained by the mysterious Beelzebub whom you have thwarted once before. The Bactrian was destroyed, but you received a message afterwards suggesting they may still not be gone for good, if it was even truly them...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log `Destroyed the pirate Bactrian that was attempting to prevent the rescue of the Star Queen and was given a city-ship license by Paris.`
		log "People" "Beelzebub" `Deep Security suspect that Beelzebub was behind the kidnapping of a Star Queen full of Deep scientists. In the attempt to rescue the scientists, a pirate owned Bactrian known as the "Cosmic Devil" was destroyed, although it would appear that either Beelzebub was not on the ship, or escaped the ship before it was destroyed.`
```
